# Chaos & Coffee
Generated by [Rojo](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/rojo) 7.2.1.

## Purpose
This was the [first roblox game I ever tried making](https://www.roblox.com/games/6537858740/Chaos-Coffee), and it originally was made with the plan to take the cafe roleplay genre and turn it on it's head by making it driven by fast-paced chaos. The customers would be able to use the effects gained from the drinks the employees make to mess with other people, while the employees desparately try to keep things under control, serve drinks, and not die. With my first project, I had a way too ambitious project with lofty goals and the dreams of many people playing, 30-60 in the game at almost all time.

As first projects tend to go, I did not reach these lofty goals and settled for making a product.

## What it is now
It is an example of what you can do with time, dedication, and passion. It's not much, but the skills and lessons I learned here will benefit me in many other ways and projects in the future. When I realized it wouldn't have many players at one time, I tried to switch direction into a puzzle game while still retaining the chaos going on in the cafe. When you solve these puzzles, you get massive powers at the end that allow you to wreak havoc upon the cafe, and then would go on cooldown (but there's no cooldown right now). 

There's two total puzzles, both having to do with obstacle courses and themed around the different uses of the drinks. One is completed and the other was still in development when I started to drop the project and move onto other things, but I still think someone could still find some fun out of the game so go ahead and try it!